Add table_aws_elasticache_cluster closes #112 (#130)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_elastcache_cluster.md

# Table: aws_elasticache_cluster

A cluster is a collection of one or more cache nodes, all of which run an instance of the Redis cache engine software.

> ## Examples

Reviewer: Can you please add an example for `### Basic info`?

> ### List of unencrypted elasticache clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List unencrypted clusters
```

Reviewer: I expanded the description a bit since below we have an example for checking encryption in transit, so good to specify this is for encryption at rest

```sql

> select
> 	cache_cluster_id,
> 	cache_node_type,
> 	at_rest_encryption_enabled
> from
> 	aws_elasticache_cluster
> where
> 	not at_rest_encryption_enabled;

Author: ```suggestion
select 
  cache_cluster_id, 
  cache_node_type, 
  at_rest_encryption_enabled 
from 
  aws_elasticache_cluster 
where 
  not at_rest_encryption_enabled;
```

```

> ### List of elasticache clusters whose availability zone count is less than 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List clusters whose availability zone count is less than 2
```

```sql

> select
> 	cache_cluster_id,
> 	preferred_availability_zone
> from
> 	aws_elasticache_cluster
> where
> 	preferred_availability_zone <> 'Multiple';

Author: ```suggestion
select
  cache_cluster_id,
  preferred_availability_zone
from
  aws_elasticache_cluster
where
  preferred_availability_zone <> 'Multiple';
```

```

> ### List of elasticache cluster that DO NOT enforce encryption in transit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List clusters that do not enforce encryption in transit
```

```sql

> select
> 	cache_cluster_id,
> 	cache_node_type,
> 	transit_encryption_enabled
> from
> 	aws_elasticache_cluster
> where
> 	not transit_encryption_enabled;

Author: ```suggestion
select
  cache_cluster_id,
  cache_node_type,
  transit_encryption_enabled
from
  aws_elasticache_cluster
where
  not transit_encryption_enabled;
```

```

> ### Count of elasticache cluster provisioned with undesired(for example cache.m5.large and cache.m4.4xlarge is desired) node type(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List clusters provisioned with undesired (for example, cache.m5.large and cache.m4.4xlarge are desired) node types.
```

```sql
select
  cache_node_type,
  count(*) as count
from
  aws_elasticache_cluster
where
  cache_node_type not in ('cache.m5.large', 'cache.m4.4xlarge')
group by
  cache_node_type;
```

> ### List of elasticache cluster which has inactive notification configuration topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List clusters with inactive notification configuration topics
```

```sql

> select
> 	cache_cluster_id,
> 	cache_cluster_status,
> 	notification_configuration ->> 'TopicArn' as topic_arn,
> 	notification_configuration ->> 'TopicStatus' as topic_status
> from
> 	aws_elastic_cache_cluster
> where
> 	notification_configuration ->> 'TopicStatus' = 'inactive';

Author: ```suggestion
select
  cache_cluster_id,
  cache_cluster_status,
  notification_configuration ->> 'TopicArn' as topic_arn,
  notification_configuration ->> 'TopicStatus' as topic_status
from
  aws_elastic_cache_cluster
where
  notification_configuration ->> 'TopicStatus' = 'inactive';
```

```

> ### Security group details attached with the cache cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get security group details for each cluster
```

```sql

> select
> 	cache_cluster_id,
> 	sg ->> 'SecurityGroupId' as security_group_id,
> 	sg ->> 'Status' as status
> from
> 	aws_elasticache_cluster,
> 	jsonb_array_elements(security_groups) as sg;

Author: ```suggestion
select
  cache_cluster_id,
  sg ->> 'SecurityGroupId' as security_group_id,
  sg ->> 'Status' as status
from
  aws_elasticache_cluster,
  jsonb_array_elements(security_groups) as sg;
```
